Remove leftover merge conflict (#3783)
cdr/code-server: docs/FAQ.md

On the other hand, code-server is free, open-source, and can be run on any
machine with few limitations.

## Does code-server have any security login validation?

> code-server only supports a single password and limits logins to two per minute plus twelve per hour. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code-server supports setting a single password limiting logins to two per minute and twelve per hour. 
```

a small tweak. we might want to have @khorne3 take a look through these docs too, if she has the bandwidth?

Reviewer 2: Maybe `code-server supports setting a single password and limits logins to two per minute and twelve per hour` otherwise it sounds a bit like the password is the thing limiting logins
